30072025-Onfinfo-Meeting

- [ ] Ultimate IntelliJ
- [ ] Testing by 31 July

First step: take picture of the identification
User can choose the issuing country (can choose which to show)
MYKAD, passport, driving license
Providing the real time feedback (Ensure user capturing good quality)
- Can submit photo or retake photo (after the system ok with it)

Passport - take a video, start, last updated, completed at, duration, client time, client UUID, applicant ID, workflow ID
- Take a video and take the best frame instead of one

Second step:
Record a video

Modular - Can design our flow (can be 2 document capture, can ask for password + others, can be designed -  it’s like a lego, can be rebranded for our own messaging, the colour, the logo, all are customizable.)

Co-branding option, Entrust (X more onfido) - Keep both side parallel (on the process for rebranding).

Nice clause to have
- Take a pause. Small talk. Quick question. Ah the moment. Got it.
- Some nice clause(?), cross-device, if time permits, move to the … , sure, Impressive, I’m not sure if you can talk about it (privacy, credential), I’ll take note of it, etcetera, not need to strain your neck, few year back, 
- 

UI/UX reference points
- Have cross devices functinalities to take picture and come back to laptop so keep everything simpler. (Nice idea)
- Features: Workflow, Theme

Fraud Detection (Onfido)
- Age validation
- Data validation
    - Mrz, Expiry date, date of birth, barcode, document expirations , doc number, gender
- Visual authenticity
    - Security features, picture face integrity, other, fonts, digital tampering, face detection, 
    - original document present (original/ copy/ picture etc.)
    - templates
- Compromised document
    - Document database
    - Repeat attempts (Within our own database?)
- Data consistency (There’s a line in the passport for the checking)
    - Nationality
    - Multiple data sources present
    - Date of Birth
    - Date of expiry
    - Document numbers
    - Document type
    - First name
    - Gender
    - Issuing Country
    - Last name
- Image Integrity
    - Colour picture
    - Conclusive document quality 
    - Image quality
    - Supported document
- Data comparison
    - Last name
    - Issuing country
    - Gender
    - First name
    - Document type
- Issuing authority
    - Nfc passive authentication
    - Nfc active authentication
- Police record

- Face Checking
    - Face comparison (based on the ML score, not confident and flag)
        - Image integrity
            - Face detected
            - Source integrity
    - Visual authentication
        - Liveness detected - Face turn, can follow the step
        - Spoofing detection - Deep fakes, recording videos, capture of the screen, etc.
    - 70 faces matched from other workflow runs (seen before) 
    - Confident only when > .8
    - In Malaysia
        - Repeated attempts & Unique mismatch flag (If some other fields are changed) - Can only caught at the second time.
        - Same person & repeated background will be flagged as well
        - Known- faces (?) - Deepfake (Security) -> Vanilla document checking is not enough, continue to invest on how to stop the fraud
        - Known-faces: One face on one IC, so check the IC details

- Device Intelligence
    - Device
        - Application authenticity (From iFast app or not)
        - Device integrity
        - Device reputation (The device fingerprint, how many times, if too many = fraud)
    - Information: Geolocation (Need subscribe to check it), IP (VPN Detection)

Onboarding time/ Other cases. During the transaction time need prevent fraud. Any mechanism


Studio
- Using drag and drop to design a workflow. Providing prebuilt library. Can be adapted into various devices (standardization - one workflow entry point and use it everywhere, making everything connected seamlessly.)
- Qualified electronic Signature (QEC)
- Mechanism
    - Components (+ Configuration) + Connection
    - Criteria checking (What is what) + To what extent
- Onboarding Consultant - Will be helping you out to guide you to design and integrate the flow 

ECDD, or Enhanced Customer Due Diligence, is a set of procedures used by financial institutions and other regulated entities to assess and mitigate risks associated with high-risk customers. It involves more rigorous verification and ongoing monitoring than standard Customer Due Diligence (CDD) or Know Your Customer (KYC) processes. 

iFast policy: High risk customer/ from high risk country, we might request additional documents. Is this additional documents can be captured? 
Answer: What does the additional documents do you refer to?
Question: Request EPF statement, the bank statement.
Answer: Separate product - Proof of Address (A list of documents to support)
- Separate product lineup.

EKYC = 你要怎么证明你自己？我要怎么证明你是你？（用上了之前的不失败 = 成功的思维，只要通过了一系列的测试，那你大概会是你）

Product: https://documentation.onfido.com/guide/proof-of-address-report/

Biotoken-auth
- Face comparison, Image integrity, visual authenticity (Same as before)

Step-out authentication: Step-up authentication is a security practice where users initially access an application or system with basic authentication, but are then prompted for additional verification (a "step-up") when attempting to access sensitive data or perform high-risk actions

Prepare a list of questions & ask (but with more domain knowledge you will know more things to confirm & you will know what you don’t know, this will help up to keep things from errors). Token is provided as a string can be stored in the app or company backend.

- Enrolling stage: So onboarding will give you a token then you have to store it somewhere; then next time for authentication need to ask onfido whether it’s authenticated.

* We give the customer options to … 所以有些东西是我们不为而不是不知道能为。这两者的差别便决定了人生的差别。我很感谢八卦会在潜移默化中教会了我这个道理。每句说出来的话都要经过大脑，每件事情都要想清楚再做，而不是随心而动率性而为。先缜密思考，然后再随心而为。特别是商业，有时候不是我们没有，而是我们把这个当成是我们的选择。重要的是你要懂得当中的权衡和缘由。

What does onboarding means in fintech means (Registration after a series of processes?)

Business explanation
- Orange means the checking is failed (suspicious) -> Show suspected. 
- Grey - Some check are not applicable; Some parts are skipped.
- 6 categories for main checking

Own idea
- Have strong domain knowledge 
- Configuration Central (Setup)
- To access the sensitive data, we’ll need to have license (permit and subjected to law) - Everything also like that
- Standard/ Protocol to make everything standardize. Find it and research it to be adapted to the world.

 ppl from China location  during registration then banned

Use Case:

频繁记录会议记录对自己很有帮助，因为可以不打瞌睡，而且也可以学到很多，比如英文用词，人生感悟，领域知识，还有为了解决问题所需要掌握的商业知识。还可以了解到行业标杆的 UI/UX 而一些权衡取舍和设计，挺好！

Two ppl for joining at the same time - So everyone has all the context and information. If you join halfway, you will get lost very easily. One can backup as well.

Question from our team>
Onfido dashboard



https://support.identity.entrust.com/s/article/geoblocking-faqs

Customer vs Solution Architect (Explaining the details in an easy to understand way, and understand your product well as your customer might need to know those things, they value this as you have represent your customer and everything you say you talk you react will have an effect on how other company will treat your company and their decisions to corporate with you) vs Product Designer (Understand the domain knowledge & Ask crucial questions) vs Developer
