

Checsktyle = stash

FastMath.abs (Apache Common)
public static double abs(double x) { return Double.longBitsToDouble(MASK_NON_SIGN_LONG & Double.doubleToRawLongBits(x)); public static double abs(double x) { return Double.longBitsToDouble(MASK_NON_SIGN_LONG & Double.doubleToRawLongBits(x)); }

MASK_NON_SIGN_LONG:
* This is a constant with all bits set except the sign bit:

Double.doubleToRawLongBits(x):
* Converts the double x to its raw 64-bit IEEE 754 bit representation (long), including the sign bit.

Abs 的思想就是把 sign bit 拿掉，那 FastMath 的处理方式便是把 sign bit 设置成 0，其他设置成 1，并通过 & 操作保留除 sign bit 外的所有号码。

ULPs = Units in the last Place
maxUlps = max num of ULPs that both value can differ by and still be considered equal

So ulps=1 means that both double value, after converting to the bit pattern, should have only 1 ULP in distance? Say my bit pattern for a = 1000, for b = 1001, then this is considerd acceptable; but if a = 1000, b = 1002, this is not acceptable. May I right?

Apache Commons Math actually:
1. Converts both doubles to their 64-bit raw bit representation.
2. Interprets them as long integers (after mapping negative numbers into a sortable order).
3. Takes the difference in units (ULPs) between them.
4. Compares that difference against n


1:20:50 9:13a.m.
Unit in Last Place (ULP) distance


Advanced Java
- Basic
    - Reflection
        - MethodHandle, VarHandle, Method, Field
    - Bytecode
    - Collections
    - Stream & Optional (Functional Programming)
- Performance
    - JVM
    - GC
    - JMM
    - Benchmarking using JMH. JFR, Profiler, JMeter, JDK Mission Control
- Concurrency (Apply, Implement, Theory)
    - Object
    - Synchronized
    - JUC Lock StampedLock, ReentrantLock, Semaphore, ReadWriteLock
    - JUC Collection
    - ExecutorService, Thread
    - Future, Runnable, Callable, FutureTask, CompletableFuture
    - Virtual Thread
    - Structured Concurrency
    - Design & Application

SpringBoot: From Zero to Hero
- IntelliJ Configuration & Plugins
- Git configuration (and recommit-hooks, bash)
    - The basics
    - How to write a valid, correct commit message
    - How to setup commit hooks (Compare between different methods) and why do we need it; Use bash script to enhance simplify the process.
    - How to use git stash/ subtree
    - How to use rebase/ commit —amend
    - How to checkout a log (git log)
    - How to remove cache & staging
    - How to remove a commit (revert, reset)
    - How to recover a disaster (reblog)
    - How to point out an issue
- Controller, Repository (annotations, query dsl, etc.), AOP, Service, Design Pattern, Configuration, build.gradle.kts
- The Lombok
- Kotlin script for build.gradle; How to register a tasks
- Observability: Logging, Metrics, Tracing in App/ K8
- How to use JMH/ JFR/ Gravaal VM to
-  Unit Tests, Integration Tests, Load Tests
- GitLab Ci/CD Pipeline (YML), Code Quality, Code Coverage, Deployment, SonarCube, etc., Docker, K8s, Cloud Server, Nguni, Configuration pattern
- Deployment & Integrating Third Party API
The underlying mechanism

Gradle
- [ ] Add check styleFiles and check locally
- [ ] Push to to remote and perform testing
- [ ] If everything ok, then proceed to continuous refactoring
- [ ] Then MR

Java Clousure and Lambda

10:31a.m., 48:47

2:32p.m., 1:14:27
4:57p.m.

- [ ] Cache gradle dependencies
- [ ] FIX: WARNING: **/build/reports/checkstyle/**/checkstyle*.xml: no matching files. Ensure that the artifact path is relative to the working directory (/builds/apps/my/ifp/my-ifast-pay) RROR: No files to upload 
- [ ] Skipping task ':my-ifast-pay-backend:my-batch-ws:checkstyleFiles' as task onlyIf 'Task satisfies onlyIf closure' is false.
- [ ] Consider enabling configuration cache to speed up this build: https://docs.gradle.org/9.0.0/userguide/configuration_cache_enabling.html
- [ ] YML Cache

ngzhiyang@MYMS-M54 my-ifast-pay % git push
To https://gitlab.ifastcorp.com/apps/my/ifp/my-ifast-pay.git
 ! [rejected]          feature/checkstyle -> feature/checkstyle (non-fast-forward)
error: failed to push some refs to 'https://gitlab.ifastcorp.com/apps/my/ifp/my-ifast-pay.git'
hint: Updates were rejected because the tip of your current branch is behind                                
hint: its remote counterpart. Integrate the remote changes (e.g.
hint: 'git pull ...') before pushing again.
hint: See the 'Note about fast-forwards' in 'git push --help' for details.

Agent, Spec study

Submodules
Git stash in feature/checkstyle
